Feat/add max debug retry parameter (#261)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-ai/docs/pages/user_guides/run_vizro_ai.md

The returned `code_string` can be used to dynamically render charts within your application. You may have the option to encapsulate the chart within a `fig` object or convert the figure into a JSON string for further integration.
In case you would like to use the insights or code explanation, you can use `vizro_ai._run_plot_tasks(df, ..., explain=True)`, which returns a dictionary containing the code explanation and chart insights alongside the code.

### 4. `max_debug_retry` Parameter in plot Function
- Default Value: 3
- Type: int
- Brief: By default, the `max_debug_retry` is set to 3, the function will attempt to debug errors up to three times.
If the errors are not resolved after the maximum number of retries, the function will cease further debugging attempts.

> - E.g. if you would like adjust to 5 debugging attempts, you can set `max_debug_retry = 5` in the plot function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g. if you would like adjust to 5 debugging attempts, you can set `max_debug_retry = 5` in the plot function:
```

The returned `code_string` can be used to dynamically render charts within your application. You may have the option to encapsulate the chart within a `fig` object or convert the figure into a JSON string for further integration.
In case you would like to use the insights or code explanation, you can use `vizro_ai._run_plot_tasks(df, ..., explain=True)`, which returns a dictionary containing the code explanation and chart insights alongside the code.

> ### 4. `max_debug_retry` Parameter in plot Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. `max_debug_retry` parameter in plot function
```

Author: this is follow all title formatting in this page

Reviewer: You mean like `Application integration`? Hm not sure, I found it looked a little strange, but happy to keep it!

Reviewer: I thought it was always just the first letter :P

Author: updated all of them to be just first letter now

Since the code is generated by Large Language Models (LLMs), it can contain bugs and thus fail on execution.

> When an error is encountered, an LLM-based debugging process will be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an error is encountered, a LLM-based debugging process will be triggered.
```

> The `max_debug_retry` parameter controls maximum number of retries the `plot` function attempts to debug errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `max_debug_retry` parameter controls the maximum number of debugging attempts by the `plot` function. It defaults to `3`.
```

- **Default Value**: 3
- **Type**: int
- **Brief**: By default, the `max_debug_retry` is set to 3, the function will attempt to debug errors up to three times.
If the errors are not resolved after the maximum number of retries, the function will cease further debugging attempts.
- **Example**:
   Adjust the number of retries by setting `max_debug_retry` in the `plot` function.
    ```py
     vizro_ai.plot(df = df, user_input = "your user input", max_debug_retry= 5)

>     ```

Reviewer: Due to github formatting I cannot propose smth here, but I think we can make this section even snappier.

If we move this to an API, we ideally want this to be automatically populated, so I think there is no need to describe it in detail here.

We also avoid to much bolding in general, but this is a somewhat unofficial guideline.

Would something like:
----
E.g. if you would like 5 debugging attempts, you can set `max_debug_retry=5` in the `plot` function:

```py
 vizro_ai.plot(df = df, user_input = "your user input", max_debug_retry= 5)
```
----
be good?

The returned `code_string` can be used to dynamically render charts within your application. You may have the option to encapsulate the chart within a `fig` object or convert the figure into a JSON string for further integration.
In case you would like to use the insights or code explanation, you can use `vizro_ai._run_plot_tasks(df, ..., explain=True)`, which returns a dictionary containing the code explanation and chart insights alongside the code.

> ### 4. Increase the maximum number of attempts to debug

Author: good point! will make a new api reference page PR in docs to move things around later as discussed.

> Sometimes there is error in code generated first round since the code is generated by Large Language Models (LLMs),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the code is generated by Large Language Models (LLMs), it can contain bugs and thus fail on execution. In this case, one can use the `max_debug_retry` parameter to specify the maximum desired number of debugging attempts.
```

> The `max_debug_retry` parameter in the plot function specifies the maximum number of attempts the function will make to debug any errors that occur during its execution.
> When an error is encountered, the function will automatically invoke a debugging process. This process involves running the code, capturing any errors that occur, and then using the LLM to analyze and attempt to resolve these errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> By default, the max_debug_retry is set to 3, the function will attempt to debug errors up to three times.
> If the errors are not resolved after the maximum number of retries, the function will cease further debugging attempts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `max_debug_retry` is set to `3`, thus the function will attempt to debug errors up to three times.
If the errors are not resolved after the maximum number of retries, the function will cease further debugging attempts.
```

if users would like to increase or decrease the maximum number of retries, adding parameter `max_debug_retry` in plot call as below works:

> !!! example "Change max_debug_retry"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! example "Change `max_debug_retry`"
```

Reviewer: In fact I would just make this a code block instead of an tabbed example
